hey guys fire here with our best support
right now for winning solar cue now this
isn't really going to be exactly a top
five like the other roles but I'm gonna
split them into the different play
styles the support has which are best
for carrying solar Q and which champions
are best in them the first thing I think
to say is there are three play styles
that I think of anyway that carry
support the engage support any
supportive support now carry supports
have a lot of damage and they tend to
kill people themselves engage supports
start fights and a pretty tanky and
supportive supports are there to more
help their team than anything else at
lower rankings carry supports are
probably best because you can set things
up yourself and you can have a real
impact in the game especially in the
laning phase now as you get higher up
and your team's in theory get better and
you should be able to rely on them a
little bit more the engage and the
supportive supports are going to get
better and more effective okay so the
first thing is basically every support
right now is okay and you can play them
and win games but these are going to be
my opinion on the highest impact
supports so first up let's look at carry
supports and the best one here is going
to be an e by far now an e is really
effective in soloqueue because she has
so much damage and crowd control she's
really effective in the lane phase and
she also transitions into meet game
teamfights really well as well the good
thing with an E is her damage that is
her biggest plus as a support because
she can basically a hundred to zero an
enemy ad carry if she gets fed and this
is a really good advantage for your team
to have I've mentioned that she has a
good Lane phase and that is one of the
strongest things because you can bully
your opponents with the threat of the
stun and the damage you bring if you
take ignite as well then it's really
easy for you to pick up kills especially
at level six the downsides are playing
an e though is if you do get behind then
you are just basically a stumble you
become very squishy very easy to kill
you don't have much damage and the only
thing you can do is stun if you've been
watching my videos for a while which
some of you guys have then you'll know
that I love Thresh and I always put him
at the kind of top of the supports right
now and the reason is because he has so
much utility like his kit is just
amazing for support he has that hope he
has his lantern he has the Flay CC he
has the box I mean the lantern itself is
a really a
effective tool when you combine how much
CCE brings as well it's just crazy the
lane phase he has so much pressure you
can set his ad carry's out for kills
with the hooks and you can also defend
them with the lanterns and the Flay's
one thing you're going to notice with
all the supports I talk about right now
is the play styles that the ad carry
have in this method the ones that are
really popular or capable of winning
their lanes and snowballing that
advantage so all the supports on this
list are going to be able to complement
that they're going to be able to help
their ad carry win the lane and Thresh
does that perfectly now a slightly more
riskier pick I guess than Thresh is the
Leona she doesn't really have the
defensive capabilities of Thresh but her
offensive capabilities are actually
better she can engage throughout the
early lane phase and it's much easier to
do than Thresh she also has the bonus
damage with her passive there's actually
really strong early and her ultimate
level six is really dangerous the one
bad thing with Leona is that if you have
a passive ad carry either someone who's
just passive by nature like a vane or if
you're just the ad carry themselves is
passive then you're gonna have a bad
time because you can't really fire and
Leona doesn't really do anything if
you're not fighting if you do get ahead
then you can keep fighting over and over
you can smoke with your advantage so
well with your ultimate and your
ultimate in teamfights is really strong
one thing that is really good in
soloqueue is the ability to engage
especially at lower ELO's where people
position really badly on the enemy team
and you can catch them out and also your
team just doesn't really engage to kind
of sit back and wait for something to
happen well you can actually make that
thing happen so that's actually a good
point to move on to the supporting
supports because these supports can't
really make things happen as much they
kind of rely on their team to do that
but they are very very good at
protecting that team and keeping them
alive
the best one at doing this is going to
be Jana Jana is an all-round superstar
and honestly at high-low she's a best
support by far her lane pressure is
actually really good with her shield she
can allow her ad to do more damage and
also protect them as well the Q is a
good amount of CC and our ultimate is
really good at disrupting or separating
or even just healing when we get to
teamfights it's really hard to get on to
a team that has a Janna on them because
if you try and dive on their backline
then Janna is just going to over you
away she's gonna kill you away she's
gonna shield a crucible as well and it's
just really
hard to kill anyone the good thing with
Janna is that unlike the other supports
I mentioned if you get behind you can
still have a good impact in the game but
only if your team is still ahead if your
team is behind then you can't really do
anything because keeping a weak person
alive is no rule use the other person
here is going to kind of actually be of
cross between all three so she's kind of
carry she's kind of engaged and she kind
of supports it as well and that's going
to be Sona
now the reason Sona is here is because
she does all three pretty well and so
you can actually have an overall high
impact in the game in Lane she's very
supporting in the way she can healer ad
carry and heal them back up after trade
so if your ad isn't as good then you can
kind of nurse them through the lane
phrase and at least let them farm on the
flip side her Q actually kind of makes
her carry support in Lane as well
because it does a lot of damage it's a
lot of poke and it's hard to deal with
if they don't have a heel support on the
enemy team finally ultimate is better
for re-engage than it is for engaging
because you'd have to blow your flash -
flash and engage but if the enemy team
engage onto you then you can get a good
ultimate onto them to re-engage with
your team and it's actually a really
high impact ultimate so those are going
to be the best ones in each three of the
roles and now we're going to move on to
the pocket picks and these are kind of
two yeoow picks I like to say that can
either go really well or really badly
now the first one is going to be brand
and yes I do say brand brand support is
actually really strong his poke is
really effective and he has a loss of
kill potential and a stun as well in
Lane brand is mainly for lane you pick
him to bully people in Lane and have a
really good Lane face and get your ad
carry ahead that way he's okay in
teamfights if you get ahead but if you
get behind he's just a worse version of
Annie the other more Yolo pick is
someone more common and that's gonna be
Blitzcrank and this kind can either go
really well or really really badly if
you're behind on Blitzcrank you offer
nothing you often know pill you offer in
gauge which you don't really want
because you can't fight it and so he's
actually a really bad pick if you get
behind but on the flip side he's a
really good pick if you get ahead you
can zone just by walking up so the enemy
can't CS just with a threat of a hook
you don't even have to throw it but if
you do throw it and you do hit it you're
basically feeding your ad carry free
kills if I was going to rank the 5
normal ones I would probably rank Jan
number one n in number two thresh at
number three leona number four and sona
a number five that is in the order of
how good they are at carrying soloqueue
and the high impact they can have in a
game so that wraps up my top supports
right now for soloqueue and i do hope
you enjoyed the video as always feel
free to share your best support in the
comments below and if you did enjoy it
then make sure you like and subscribe
but that's gonna be all for this video
so I'll catch you next time